Update documentation (#655)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS_Driver: README.md

  * **ur_calibration**: Package around extracting and converting a robot's factory calibration
    information to make it usable by the robot_description.
  * **ur_dashboard_msgs**: Message definitions used for interacting with the dashboard node.
  * **ur_robot_driver**: The actual driver package.

## Requirements
This driver requires a system setup with ROS. It is recommended to use **Ubuntu 20.04 with ROS
noetic**.

To make sure that robot control isn't affected by system latencies, it is highly recommended to use
a real-time kernel with the system. See the [real-time setup guide](ur_robot_driver/doc/real_time.md)
on information how to set this up.

## Install from binary packages

1. [Install ROS](http://wiki.ros.org/noetic/Installation/Ubuntu). This package only supports ROS
noetic. If you want to use a UR robot arm with ROS 2, please see the
[ROS 2 driver](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Driver/).
2. Install the driver using
```bash
sudo apt install ros-${ROS_DISTRO}-ur-robot-driver
```
## Building from source

> Before building from source make sure that you actually need to do that. We recommend you install the driver package from source unless you want to join development and submit changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before building from source make sure that you actually need to do that. We recommend you install the driver from its binary packages unless you want to join development and submit changes.
```
